hi this is Robyn with the doll circle
and I have a review of the four seasons
fairy Corrine doll she's a Chinese
fashion doll I got her in the China
pavilion at epcot at Disney World
she was 32 dollars which seems to be
about the price she is online so like
she wasn't marked up she was at Disney
this one seems to be one of the nicer
Corrine dolls from what I've seen like
she's dressed a little nicer there's a
series her overall love just looks a
little more policy more polished yes
this is the box she came in where the
back of the box that shows the other
three Corrine dolls in the series so
there's one for you season summer winter
spring and fall at the bottom there's
each stall with I guess I description
because it's in Chinese never this shows
which some which part of the season they
are yes a little break are there the
doll itself is gorgeous she is a
lighter-weight doll so she's not really
something to play with so probably more
of a display piece but she did not come
with the stamp so little hard display on
the box
her hair feels really nice good quality
it's a little hard to like tell exactly
because it's in the fun but they're
tight so it's not loose doesn't have too
much stray hairs comes with this
beautiful little flower her face has a
very porcelain like look to it but it
again is a plastic like mushy like a
monster high doll but very stunning the
rest of her body is at harder plastic
it's ball jointed except for her ankles
her dress is like a lightweight chiffon
material and it's very detailed like
there's flowers all over its flowy she's
beautiful like scarfs that come with it
so it's very like a traditional dress
the one thing about this all she did not
come with these shoes which I maybe is
traditional but
again yeah again she is from a different
country so we shouldn't judge her back
up it's all very I think it looks very
flawless just nicely put together the
only thing no notices uh there's a hole
in her scarf but we're not sure if that
was there or if Robin may have
accidentally cut it when she was oh
we're not gonna fall sit yeah I just
want to point out that as I noticed I
don't know someone will notice that yeah
there's a hole bearer I have been known
to cut monster high no heroin opening it
a cool thing that she this particular
krandall came with was these bookmarks
will say of each of the ones in the
series that was I don't forgive it
seasons together I love it I like that
she looks like almost porcelain even
though she's not and you said she's
lightweight like what can I go with you
like is it lighter than I think compares
to a monster hideout in the terms of
weight but in the how she looks like a
normal or a different ball Jordan Dahl
like the J doll they have a very like
I'm gonna break feel but they're heavier
whereas this is a fuzzy on par with
Monster High doll but it's almost like
still I was a cheap but light just that
light Dalton if we're gonna display them
in a play oh yeah I would recommend this
for a child collector who's maybe a
girly man I would say to be like it even
must be adult collector just because
just by looking at the fabric of the
dress is very lightweight and I wouldn't
want someone to possibly tear it so but
overall I give her a thumbs up my decent
gorgeous I've excited up these old I
can't wait to come see more reviews on
these from Robert also we also like like
Barbie there's different levels of
Barbie like there's the ones you rip out
in the Box are six bucks and we play and
you don't care and then there's ones
that cost like $50.00 cuz they're JLo or
whatever so she obviously is one of the
higher and
Draco's you said that you did see some
that we're over $100 yes they have ones
on the top shelf that were a bigger box
even more detailed clothes that's also I
mean there's not too much that I found
otherwise besides like eBay and Amazon
so I guess like they're just at the
content Disney World yes Epcot did the
world if you are lucky enough to go
there because it's basically this is
like China's version of Barbie because
actually they're made through Mattel's
of I guess warehouse from factory or
factory from China so awesome make sure
to LIKE this video share it if you guys
like her in dolls if you guys want to
see more different dolls comment below
let us know what else is out exact bones
yeah yeah because like I didn't know
about this doll until Robin mentioned it
as we saw an FF car so definitely check
our facebook Instagram atwitter Roy's
posting awesome things on there and make
sure to join our awesome circle and like
this video for more reviews and
provenance